README.md, before:

# Children's BBC - Genie Starter Pack

* [What is Genie?](#what-is-genie)
* [How do I set up my local dev environment?](#how-do-i-set-up-my-local-dev-environment)
* [Developing a Gameplay Component](./docs/gameplay-component.md)
* [Creating a Theme](./docs/theming.md)
* [Genie Gel (“GELIE”) Documentation](#genie-gel-gelie-documentation)
* [How can I access support?](#how-can-i-access-support)

## What is Genie?

Genie is a modular framework to simplify the construction of children's games. It uses [Phaser](https://phaser.io/), a HTML5 game engine. 

Genie provides a set of reusable components common to BBC games such as a load screen, select screen, pause, how to play, GEL, etc. This means game developers can focus on creating the gameplay component, as much of the logic surrounding the game has been provided.

## How do I set up my local dev environment?

A skeleton set-up has been included in this starter pack. To install, run `npm install` in the command line. This will pull in the Genie framework.

The game sequence can then be configured by editing: `src/main.js`. Require in the desired screens and order them in the `transitions` JSON object. The `nextScreenName` method returns a string to indicate the name of the next screen to transition to. As this is a function, conditional logic can be included here to move to a different screen depending on the game state (e.g. a "win" screen or a "fail" screen).

New screens (including the gameplay component) should be created in the `components` folder.

You can view your game by running a simple HTTP server using Python: `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000`, and viewing it in a browser: http://localhost:8000/

The qaMode query string may be added to the end to view the game in QA Mode. This gives additional console output, and if you press "q", you can see the layout overlay. http://localhost:8000/?qaMode=true

## Genie Gel ("GELIE") Documentation


## How can I access support?

Commit message:

[CGPROD-476] Implement initial build process and update docs * Added Webpack * Added Babel * Added other dependencies * Added npm scripts * Updated index HTML files * Updated README.md

README.md, after:

# Children's BBC - Genie Starter Pack

* [What is Genie?](#what-is-genie)
* [How do I set up my local dev environment?](#how-do-i-set-up-my-local-dev-environment)
* [Developing a Gameplay Component](./docs/gameplay-component.md)
* [Creating a Theme](./docs/theming.md)
* [Genie Gel (“GELIE”) Documentation](#genie-gel-gelie-documentation)
* [How can I access support?](#how-can-i-access-support)

## What is Genie?

Genie is a modular framework to simplify the construction of children's games. It uses [Phaser](https://phaser.io/), a HTML5 game engine. 

Genie provides a set of reusable components common to BBC games such as a load screen, select screen, pause, how to play, GEL, etc. This means game developers can focus on creating the gameplay component, as much of the logic surrounding the game has been provided.

## How do I set up my local dev environment?

A skeleton set-up has been included in this starter pack. To install, run `npm install` in the command line. This will pull in the Genie framework.

The game sequence can then be configured by editing: `src/main.js`. Require in the desired screens and order them in the `transitions` JSON object. The `nextScreenName` method returns a string to indicate the name of the next screen to transition to. As this is a function, conditional logic can be included here to move to a different screen depending on the game state (e.g. a "win" screen or a "fail" screen).

New screens (including the gameplay component) should be created in the `components` folder.

You can preview your game by running it in live server using `npm start`, and viewing it in a browser at http://localhost:8080/.

The qaMode query string may be added to the end to view the game in QA Mode. This gives additional console output, and if you press "q", you can see the layout overlay. http://localhost:8000/?qaMode=true.

To build your game using Webpack, use `npm run build`.

`npm run build-watch` runs the compiler and creates a bundle. This means you can view index.html in a browser without having to run a webserver.

If you wish to build and run your game in a single command, you can use `npm run build-start`

## Genie Gel ("GELIE") Documentation


## How can I access support?
