docs/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started With Genie

## What is Genie?

Genie is a modular framework designed to simplify the construction of children's games. It uses [Phaser 2 CE](https://phaser.io/), an HTML5 game engine.

Genie provides a set of reusable components common to BBC games such as a load screen, select screen, pause, how to play, as well as an implementation of the standard BBC Games GEL UI. This means game developers can focus on creating the gameplay component, as much of the logic surrounding the game has been provided.

## How do I set up my local dev environment?

A skeleton set-up has been included in this starter pack. To install, run `npm install` in the command line. This will pull in the Genie framework.

The game sequence can then be configured by editing: `src/main.js`. Inside `main.js`, Import the desired screens and order them in the `transitions` Array. The `nextScreenName` method returns a string to indicate the name of the next screen to transition to. As this is a function, conditional logic can be included here to move to a different screen depending on the game state (e.g. a "win" screen or a "fail" screen).

New screens (including the gameplay component) should be created in the `components` folder.

You can preview your game by bundling it through Webpack and running it in a development server using `npm start`. It can then be viewed in a browser at http://localhost:8080/ or at the local network address printed in the console. Changes to the source will trigger a rebuild and refresh the page on all devices currently viewing the page.

The qaMode query string may be added to the end to view the game in QA Mode. This gives additional console output, and if you press "q", you can see the layout overlay. http://localhost:8000/?qaMode=true.

To build your game using Webpack, use `npm run build`.

`npm run build-watch` runs the compiler and creates a bundle. This means you can view index.html in a browser without having to run a webserver. Changes to the source will trigger a rebuild.

## Genie Gel ("GELIE") Documentation

## How can I access support?

There is additional in-depth documentation in the docs folder of this respository and in the Genie Core repository. For further support contact the BBC Project Manager assigned to your game.

Commit message:

CGPROD-769 Support third party libraries as globals (#34)
* Use centralised webpack config

* Remove files now living in core

* Update example eslint config

* Make it more explicit that eslint is not enabled by default

* Add example prettier config

* Remove dependencies which are handled by genie-core

* Use local-web-server instead of static-http2-server

* No real need for access logs in development

* Add example globals config

* Update package-lock

* Update path to gmi.js

* Fixed spritesheets for Phaser 2.11.0

* Docs for modules / global script loading

* Pin next genie-core release

docs/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started With Genie

## What is Genie?

Genie is a modular framework designed to simplify the construction of children's games. It uses [Phaser 2 CE](https://phaser.io/), an HTML5 game engine.

Genie provides a set of reusable components common to BBC games such as a load screen, select screen, pause, how to play, as well as an implementation of the standard BBC Games GEL UI. This means game developers can focus on creating the gameplay component, as much of the logic surrounding the game has been provided.

## How do I set up my local dev environment?

A skeleton set-up has been included in this starter pack. To install, run `npm install` in the command line. This will pull in the Genie framework.

The game sequence can then be configured by editing: `src/main.js`. Inside `main.js`, Import the desired screens and order them in the `transitions` Array. The `nextScreenName` method returns a string to indicate the name of the next screen to transition to. As this is a function, conditional logic can be included here to move to a different screen depending on the game state (e.g. a "win" screen or a "fail" screen).

New screens (including the gameplay component) should be created in the `components` folder.

You can preview your game by bundling it through Webpack and running it in a development server using `npm start`. It can then be viewed in a browser at http://localhost:8080/ or at the local network address printed in the console. Changes to the source will trigger a rebuild and refresh the page on all devices currently viewing the page.

The qaMode query string may be added to the end to view the game in QA Mode. This gives additional console output, and if you press "q", you can see the layout overlay. http://localhost:8000/?qaMode=true.

To build your game using Webpack, use `npm run build`.

`npm run build-watch` runs the compiler and creates a bundle. This means you can view index.html in a browser without having to run a webserver. Changes to the source will trigger a rebuild.

## ES6 Modules

Code should be packaged as ES6 modules.
See `src\click-progression-game.js` as an example starting point for a game.

## Global Script

Any required global scripts (tools / libs etc) should be loaded via the `globals.json` file in the root.
See `globals.json.example` for how this works.

They can be loaded from `node_modules` folder or otherwise should be placed in a `vendor` folder.

Note that during development the global scripts are loaded on the fly in the index page.
The index page should not be edited to include any scripts as it is not used in the final build process.

## Genie Gel ("GELIE") Documentation

## How can I access support?

There is additional in-depth documentation in the docs folder of this respository and in the Genie Core repository. For further support contact the BBC Project Manager assigned to your game.
